1436790/1438462: Part 30: 13 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10467)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/misc/bc36000.md

ms.assetid: 0007d7b4-54a2-4f09-904c-d5ad60a55f8e
---
# 'Global' must be followed by '.' and an identifier

> The [Global](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/visualstudio/visual-studio-2008/k701czy1(v=vs.90)) keyword appears in a context other than accessing a namespace.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Global](../programming-guide/program-structure/namespaces.md#global-keyword-in-fully-qualified-names) keyword appears in a context other than accessing a namespace.  
```

-   If you do not want to access a root-level namespace, remove the `Global` keyword.  
  
## See also

> - [Global](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/visualstudio/visual-studio-2008/k701czy1(v=vs.90))

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- [Global keyword](../programming-guide/program-structure/namespaces.md#global-keyword-in-fully-qualified-names)
```
